-[intense music playing]
-[choir vocalizing intensely]
[Lich screaming]
[Lich] No! It's impossible!
Dark Schneider and Nei!
[Dark Schneider]
You've got a hell of a lot of nerve
hurting my loyal sidekick.
I can't let you get away with that.
Get lost!
[sword slicing]
[Lich screaming]
[hard rock music playing]
[Lich] I was so close!
So close to having the Satan Ring.
I was going to steal it from Abigail
and keep it as my own.
If only I could have unlocked its ability
to amplify magic!
I could have discovered
the secrets of its power!
A power greater
even than that of the God of Destruction!
[Lich groaning] The disgrace!
Would you shut up already?
What does it take to make you die?
[Lich screaming]
[music fades]
Who are you calling a loyal sidekick?
What the hell was that about?
Since when did I become
your underling, huh?
[Dark Schneider] Well, when you think
about it, it's kinda what you are, really.
[Arshes] What did Lich mean
when he talked about a power
even greater
than that of the God of Destruction?
A power so great
that even an Eddie
with an astral body would desire it?
[Arshes gasping]
[Arshes] Could it be that…
that thing from 15 years ago?
[ominous music playing]
[Arshes gasping]
[Gara] My mentor?
You never mentored me in anything
except how to be a self-centered jerk,
you know that?
What? What's going on?
[Yoko gasping]
Look.
It's…
it's a ring?
[opening theme song playing]
♪ Save the pain for another day ♪
♪ Say you understand, swear to look away ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ What you feel isn’t real ♪
♪ Dry your tears, learn to pretend ♪
♪ Never take a stand, bow and comprehend ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ The less you think, the more you win ♪
♪ The less you give, the more you get ♪
♪ Bloody, power, fame ♪
♪ It’s all out of control ♪
♪ Out of control ♪
♪ Nothing will save us anymore ♪
♪ Standing at the gates of hell
Still wanting more, more, more ♪
♪ Bloody, power, and fame ♪
♪ But all we want
Is bloody, power, and fame ♪
[song fades]
[ominous music playing]
[Abigail] The Satan Ring,
it's come back alone.
EMPRESS OF THUNDER
[Abigail] But that… that means
that Lich the Eddie has been defeated!
Incredible.
To think that so powerful a monster
as he could fail,
even with the use of the Satan Ring!
Okay then. From the sound of it,
I'm guessing that whatever evil plan
you had in mind, it's all come to nothing.
You see?
It's just what I told you would happen.
So, if you're smart, you'll drop it.
Give the whole thing up right now.
[Abigail] That useless Lich.
But no matter.
At least now I won't have
to share the ring with him.
In fact, it could turn out
to be better for me
having all three of the demonic treasures
at my disposal.
Hey! Did you even hear what I said?
[Abigail] Ugh. What an annoying brat!
I must remember to deal with her later.
Hey! What are you doing?
Where are you going?
[Lars and Yoko gasping]
[Abigail] Hmm.
[cackling]
You see that, girl?
That's the three demonic treasures
resonating with each other!
Aren't they lovely together?
Such beautiful harmony.
[Abigail cackling]
What in the world is going on in here?
[gasping] Miss Yoko!
Stop him! He's Abigail,
one of the Four Divine Kings!
Good God!
[Abigail] Hmm.
Out of my way or die, little men.
I don't have time to banter with you now.
Don't worry, you skinny, little weakling.
This won't take long!
-Seize him!
-[intense music playing]
[Abigail scoffing]
[soldier grunting, screaming]
[soldier] Kill the monster!
[soldiers screaming]
[squelching]
[soldier groaning]
We can't let him get out of here.
The door, Miss Yoko!
Hurry! Close the iron door!
-[Yoko grunting]
-[soldier groaning]
[door closing]
[Yoko straining]
[Yoko grunting, efforting]
[Yoko screaming]
[Yoko groaning]
[Yoko gasping]
[Abigail] Up above.
That's where I'll find Princess Sheila
and the last seal.
Hmm?
Who's there?
[Yoko gasping]
Me, Arshes Nei.
I've been looking for you.
Abigail, the Prophet of Hell
and Arshes Nei, the Empress of Thunder!
A priest of the darkness
versus a half elf magic swordswoman.
But Nei isn't carrying her sword.
So, this is going to be a battle of magic
between two of the Four Divine Kings!
[Yoko gasping] Nei!
If you're safe that means Lucien is too!
He is safe, isn't he?
You should go before you get hurt.
[Yoko gasping]
You wanted to see me, half elf?
And why is that?
Don't tell me you're seeking revenge
for my casting the Accused spell on you
when we fought Dark Schneider?
If so, you're barking up the wrong tree.
After all,
I didn't force that spell on you, did I?
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] You were more than willing
to be put under that spell
in order to prove yourself to us.
So, don't blame me
for the choice you made.
Furthermore, not only did you fail
to prove yourself,
you went on to betray us
and even sabotage our mission.
-Isn't that right, half elf?
-[Arshes scoffing]
That's all in the distant past now.
I'm not here because of any of that.
[Abigail] Hmm.
You surprise me.
Are you really saying
you bear me no grudge?
I'd always been told the wrath
of the Thunder Empress was so terrible,
that even her allies feared her.
What's changed you?
It's love.
[Abigail scoffing]
[Yoko grunting]
[Arshes] The love that Darsh showed for me
by giving his life for me,
it filled the emptiness in my heart.
No.
Darsh is not the same
as he was 15 years ago.
There's something different about him.
It's like there's an innocent child
living deep within his heart.
What drives me now isn't anger or hate,
it's not ambition, nor a vision.
It's my love for Darsh.
[Yoko] Love…
[heart beating]
Love for Lucien.
You're kidding!
What a load of romantic nonsense.
I don't have time
to stand here and listen to this drivel.
Really, Arshes Nei, you not only
surprise me, you disappoint me.
But now, if you don't mind,
I'm in a bit of a hurry.
Just wait a minute.
I still have a lot of questions
I need to ask you.
You're wasting your time.
Even the most impressive
thunder attack you've got
will never be powerful enough
to defeat me.
But I'm sure that won't stop you
from trying, will it?
[Abigail roaring]
[hard rock music playing]
[Yoko screaming]
[Abigail cackling]
This thing I have on,
this Tentacle Breastplate,
is a type of pseudo life-form!
It's tentacles act as lightning rods
diverting any electrical surge.
So you see, your thunder attacks
are quite useless against it.
[Lars exclaiming]
[Yoko gasping]
[Lars] I can see it!
There's a tremendous amount of energy
building up in the space between them!
[choir vocalizing]
Pact of Keiss upon the altar,
the blood of the spirits, do not falter.
What? What is that spell?
Now, let the lightning rain down.
Abigail! Let us find out
if the power of the Empress of Thunder
is as useless as you think!
[all gasping]
Feel my power!
Tesla!
[Abigail screaming]
[Arshes grunting, straining]
[both gasping]
[Arshes grunting]
[dramatic music playing]
[Geo] Hmm. What a storm.
Someone must have used
a powerful thunder attack!
Who could it be that's strong enough
to manipulate such power?
Oh, I don't even want to know
what's happening now!
[priest] What could it be?
Is it an intruder?
[door opening]
[soldier] Forgive me, sir!
It appears the explosion came
from the storage rooms under the castle!
There's an intruder. I knew it!
They must have used
the distraction of the Eddie attack
to steal into the castle.
Quickly! We must call
the others back at once!
[Geo] The storage rooms?
But… No! That's where Yoko is!
[deep rumbling]
[grunting]
I guess the spell's incomplete.
That's why it's still unstable.
I've ruptured the blood vessels
in my hand.
That was devastating.
That was the most powerful
thunder attack I've ever seen.
[Lars exclaiming]
[Lars] Incredible.
I never knew the Empress of Thunder
could command so much power.
Even Abigail's going
to have a hard time standing up to that.
Show yourself, Abigail.
I know that spell
wasn't enough to kill you,
one of the Four Divine Kings.
I went easy on you.
This isn't over, Abigail.
I still want some answers.
[gasping]
Behind you! Watch out!
[Arshes gasping, grunting]
[ominous music playing]
-[Arshes gasping]
-I confess I'm impressed.
Just when I'm about
to write you off, half elf,
you go and surprise me again.
I can see it would be very unwise,
to say nothing of disrespectful,
if I were to give you anything less
than my very best.
[Abigail cackling]
Didn't I tell you?
Your thunder won't work.
Is that all you've got
in your bag of tricks?
Without your thunder,
you're just a common, ordinary woman.
I have little to fear
from the likes of you.
[Lars] How is it possible?
Nei's thunder attack was so powerful,
yet he's unscathed!
[Abigail] Now you answer me something.
How would you like me to kill you?
[Arshes grunting]
What the…? What? What's going on?
[Arshes] You fool.
I am called the Empress of Thunder
because I commonly use thunder spells.
But, as you can see, thunder magic
isn't the only magic I utilize.
If you thought you'd already witnessed
the full power of the Thunder Empress,
then you were wrong.
Now I see.
So the Empress' magic is,
in reality, a kind of wind elemental.
Like those the Sylphs were connected with.
[groaning] But can it defeat me
now that I've been strengthened
by the power of the reawakened
God of Destruction?
We shall find out.
[Abigail] The air pressure is fluctuating!
She's trying to create a tornado.
[Arshes] Spirit burst!
[hard rock music playing]
-[Yoko grunting, gasping]
-[Lars exclaiming]
[Yoko gasping]
Such a strong wind!
[Lars] Her tornado's even more powerful
than it was 15 years ago!
Nei's finally beginning
to show her true power.
Those blasts of wind
the tornado's sending off,
nothing can stop them.
It can even cut through boulders.
It can cut a human in two
without spilling a drop of blood.
Abigail may be able to use those tentacles
to keep himself from getting blown away,
but he can't run from the wind or stop it!
This battle's about to be over!
Abigail! Answer the Empress of Thunder!
Or else you shall die!
Although, to be completely honest,
depending on your answer,
I may have to kill you anyway.
[Abigail cackling]
Oh, with what?
This little tornado?
Is this really
the full extent of your power then?
You clueless fool.
I almost feel sorry for you.
Did you really think
you could make me talk,
let alone kill me,
with this little dust storm?
[Abigail cackling]
[Arshes] Then try this!
Blades of air
that can cut through boulders!
Dien tiar!
-[both gasping]
-[Abigail grunting]
[Head Priest] Oh, what on earth,
or rather under the earth
is going on down there?
We don't know who the intruders are
or how many of them there are.
The guards we sent down there
to investigate still haven't returned.
-[door opening]
-[all] Hmm?
-Well? What did you find?
-[soldier panting]
What enemy are we facing
and how many of them?
[soldier] Sir, only one.
There is only one intruder!
But it's…
it's one of the Four Divine Kings
of the Dark Rebel Army,
The prince of darkness, Abigail!
-Abigail?
-[all gasping]
[Geo] Hmm. Abigail.
So you finally came yourself.
[soldier] He was able
to break through the iron door.
Right now he's engaged in a battle
with Arshes Nei, the Empress of Thunder.
Arshes Nei? Can she stop him do you think?
In any case,
send word that every knight and guard
must return to the castle at once.
[soldier] Yes, sir!
It's a bold move of Abigail's
coming here alone.
But the Prophet of Hell's luck
has just run out.
We'll capture the fiend
and burn him to ashes.
[man] Just a moment!
[Head Priest] Hmm?
Well, what is it, Bon Jovina?
As the commander of the knights
defending this castle,
I must speak out.
Arshes Nei was once our enemy,
have you forgotten?
As was Ninja Master Gara.
I recognize for the moment
that she seems to have switched sides,
but the fact remains we still don't know
what her true intentions are.
[priests exclaiming]
[priest] Yes, that is true.
Commander, if I may.
[Bon Jovina] No, Great Priest.
Nothing you can say will change my mind.
I don't trust her.
And as for Dark Schneider,
I trust that impudent scoundrel even less!
[Bon Jovina screaming, groaning]
[both] Why, if it isn't Dark Schneider!
What a surprise!
You're lucky it was just a ramen bowl.
It could've been a lot worse,
but frankly,
I didn't want to sully my hands on you.
Okay. Now listen up, you old geezers.
Your future and the future
of this whole damn kingdom depends on me.
Got it? Good.
Whether you all live or die
is up to yours truly. [chuckling]
[Bon Jovina] You… you bastard!
How dare you dump
a bowl of ramen on a royal knight!
That does it! I challenge you to a duel!
[Sheila] Bon Jovina, stop.
[Gara] Hmm?
[Bon Jovina] I-- Your Highness.
You're in the presence of the king.
Put that sword away.
Please forgive them
for their rudeness, Dark Schneider.
-[Sheila gasping]
-Oh, don't sweat it.
Happens to me all the time,
stuff like that.
Washed up, rickety has-beens like him,
it's only natural
they'd be a little resentful.
I mean of me.
You know, handsome, powerful,
sophisticated young stud.
What? I'm going to kill him!
Let me go! What are you doing?
Let me go! Let me go!
-That's an order!
-Grow up, will you? Knock it off.
[clearing throat] Dark Schneider. Gara.
[Gara] Hmm?
You have saved our kingdom in its moment
of crisis time and time again.
For that, we can never thank you enough.
Oh, that's all right.
This kingdom's gonna be mine
someday, anyway.
Y-yes. Well, Lord Dark Schneider,
we have a bit of a situation.
I know all about it.
It's Abigail again.
That creep who cast that dirty spell
on my sweet darling Nei
is here at the castle
wreaking havoc, right?
Don't worry.
I'm not about to let him get away with it.
-[priest] Oh, excellent.
-Stop. What are you doing?
Well, that's a relief.
Yes. I was afraid
he might make another scene
because you never know
what will set him off.
[sighing] Great.
Not even a chance to rest.
[Sheila breathing heavily]
[Sheila] His daughter?
[Dark Schneider] Sheila.
Yes? What is it?
There's something
I've been meaning to ask you about.
[Sheila] Uh…
[Sheila grunting]
-[Sheila] It's about the seal, isn't it?
-[dramatic music playing]
[Head Priest] The last seal restraining
the God of Destruction, Anthrasax!
[priest] That's a secret
that only the heir to the throne
and a select few of the most
senior ministers have knowledge of.
Wait, my daughter! Think before you speak.
I know you're a smart girl.
You don't trust every man
that comes along,
and it's smart not to trust them.
However, if you don't trust me,
the handsome hero, that's not smart.
In fact, it's downright stupid.
[Sheila] Uh…
Yes. I understand.
Sheila.
[King gasping]
[Geo groaning]
Geo…
[Sheila] I'll tell you the secret
of the seal in my possession.
The last seal.
[music fades]
[Yoko screaming]
[Lars] She did it!
[Arshes grunting]
If even that didn't defeat him,
then that means he's not human.
Now I see it all!
That tornado of yours was only a tool
for generating those powerful
gusts of wind, isn't that right?
Astounding!
-[screaming] No way! Is he immortal?
-[Yoko gasping]
[Arshes] So powerful.
[Abigail cackling]
I'm lucky this Tentacle Breastplate
has a keen instinct for self-preservation
because, without it,
I would have been history.
Well done.
And now it's my turn to entertain you.
So, sit back and enjoy.
[Abigail grunting]
[Abigail screaming]
What the…?
That's not supposed to happen.
[Yoko gasping] She got him!
[Lars exclaiming]
[Arshes grunting]
Okay, Abigail.
Do you feel like
answering my questions now?
-Curse you, Arshes Nei!
-[dramatic music playing]
I am going to make you pay, and pay dearly
for what you've just done.
Prepare yourself, girl.
You dare to inflict injury
on a priest of the darkness?
You have committed
an act of treason against the gods!
Against the greatest god of all!
Against the will of annihilation
that purifies the world!
Treason against Anthrasax,
the God of Destruction!
[Arshes scoffing]
Please, don't make me laugh.
If the god has awakened,
then nothing can stop
the destruction to come.
No matter what, they won't be able to stop
or kill such a god.
Therefore, no one would ever be able
to control such a god.
We both know what this god of yours
really is, don't we?
[gasping] Nei, what are you saying?
[Abigail] Hmm.
[Arshes] Anthrasax is no god!
Anthrasax is a demon!
You tried to deceive us,
the Four Divine Kings,
and resurrect an evil demon
from the ancient world!
[Abigail cackling]
And what if I did?
You're a devil.
I'm going to kill you!
What the…?
What's that?
[hard rock music playing]
[Abigail] Nue?
No. Impossible!
How did he come back to life?
Reiken Gekika!
[Nue roaring]
[Lars] Nue's transforming into a sword!
[Yoko gasping]
[Abigail shuddering]
Now, behold, the Lightning Sword!
[music fades]
[ending theme song playing]
[song fades]